Fix a few typos in Readme (#180)
rails/globalid: README.md

**Expiration**

> Signed Global IDs can expire sometime in the future. This is useful if there's a resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signed Global IDs can expire some time in the future. This is useful if there's a resource
```

Author: Hi @rafaelfranca 
_Grammarly_ suggested to fix this. See description
![Screenshot from 2024-05-30 00-29-04](https://github.com/rails/globalid/assets/6830119/c6853d3b-d73c-4878-8239-7769620422f5)
Do you want me to commit your suggestion instead?
